So this is once again an example of an external Sea issue issue connected using a v 35 cable to a router.
Here's an example with the weak card having the C as you d issue built in.
So what's the bolting C issue D issue such as a weak one D issue t 1 the card would be used to connect
it to either T1 or fractional T1 connections.
The advantage of using this card over an external C issue D issue is that you have fewer devices and
cables to deploy and manage.
It also allows you to remotely configure monitor and troubleshoot using the well-known Cisco C ally
and it obviously saves some space because you have fewer devices.
So in many cases in the United States people would use the Bolton C issue D issue but in other parts
of the world you may still be required to use an external C issue issue.
So what are some of the advantages of a leased line.
Well firstly it's very simple to configure you can get a lease line up and running with just a few commands
so it's very simple to install and maintain point to point lease lines.
Also offer a high quality of service provided that there's adequate bandwidth for the traffic traversing
the link.
In other words the bandwidth of the connection is dedicated to you and you alone.
No one else will be able to use the bandwidth on that circuit.
You are typically paying a monthly charge for the leased line and the bandwidth on that leased line
is dedicated to you alone.
The connection is also permanent so you don't have to try and set it up every time you send traffic.
The bandwidth is there and they're always for you to use the major disadvantage of the leased lines
however is normally the cost of the lease line.
Now if you've only got two sites the cost may not be that great.
However if you've got 10 sites that you need to connect in a full mesh.
In other words every site needs to be connected to every other site.
The cost can become very prohibitive as there's an exponential increase in the cost as you add more
and more sites.
That's one of the reasons that small medium businesses today prefer to use DSL connections with a VPN
rather than using leased lines and large businesses.
When making connections to remote branch offices may also prefer to use the Internet with DSL as the
local connection type with VPN is overlaid across the Internet.
It's a lot a lot cheaper especially when you have many many sites.
Another problem is you are charged for the bandwidth whether you use it or not.
So as an example if you've got a 2 megabits per second circuit or two megabits per second leased line
you are charged a monthly fee for that leased line whether you use the bandwidth or not.
If you're only using some of the bandwidth some of the time you are paying for bandwidth that you don't
use.
So that's another disadvantage of a lease line.
You also have no ability to burst or go above the fixed limit of 2 megabits per second.
You are limited to the speed of the link.
The bandwidth is yours to use all the time but you can't go above the speed of the leased line.